h1. A simple way to get started with data visualizations using d3 and coffeescript

h2. Usage

h3. First Clone the Repository

<pre>
git clone git@github.com:vlandham/vis.git
cd vis
</pre>

h3. You might consider creating a new branch for your Vis

<pre>
git checkout -b interesting_new_bar_chart
</pre>

h3. View built in example

You can start up a local webserver by using python's simple server:

<pre>
python -m SimpleHTTPServer 3000
</pre>


or @thin@ in ruby

<pre>
thin start
# might have to run 'bundle install' first
</pre>

Now go to "http://0.0.0.0:3000":http://0.0.0.0:3000/

and you have a basic visualization

h3. Start Coding

Open up @coffee/vis.coffee@ and start modifying the built in visualization to fit your needs.

h2. Folder Organization

* @/@
** main vis area
* @/index.html@
** main page for your visualization. Loads coffeescript and javascript files.
* @/coffee/@
** coffeescript files. Example @vis.coffee@.
* @/data/@
** data dump for @.csv@ and @.json@ files and other data files your vis uses.
* @/js/@
** javascript goes here. JS Libraries in @libs@ directory
* @/css/@
** put your stylesheets in here
* @/img/@
** put your images in here
* @/tools/@
** put your helper scripts / data manipulation tools here

h2. Requirments

To startup the server, you either need @python@, or a bunch of @ruby@ gems (should be simplified in the future).

Run @bundle install@ to get the gems needed. Gems listed in the Gemfile

h2. Contents

h3. Twitter Bootstrap

* 2.2.1

h3. d3.js

* 3.0.2

h3. Raphael

* 2.1.0

h3. coffee-script.js

* 1.4.0

h3. jQuery

* 1.7.2

h3. Leaflet

* 0.4 beta

